 according to the statistics of 1884, the total number of british persons had to be taxed for possession of property.
 this article would enable the article to be implemented if the convention is incorporated or translated into national laws, if promulgated in article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of the economy in the country during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after completing the consultation.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of phase ii was required to set up grades as a basis for remuneration.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, analysts are likely to continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate at the shopping centre and the market stalls have been over 5 years.
 the most difficult project is the most difficult project for peace-keeping, as forecasts are likely to occur in the previous year.
 it is important to look at the intentions of the country rather than in the form of instrument.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to wait for long periods.
 some people believe that this action would not be able to do so if such action is open and transparent.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problems of the court.
 the namibian family family association was established in january 1996 and has become the main non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most suitable to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its powers of international treaties, and therefore, it is a subject of a international law.
 although the activities are still limited, the size of future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to show facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community should be able to understand that the international community is the united nations security council's decisions and actions.
 the responsibilities of the parents do not, in any way, be the responsibility for the schools and teachers.
 " now, we are very happy to see the fruits of one country, two systems in hong kong.
 on my list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia will speak on behalf of the group of 21, and other representatives of china.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must not be avoided with private property market competition and maintain a different sales target.
 we explore the need for a thorough analysis of the strengthening of strengthening the united nations system with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of annex i of the basic law, the 2 term shall be elected by an election committee.
 one person must pay at least appropriate attention to the use of the installation of the device.
 it has established international e-commerce networks throughout the country and in october 1998, for the 1 time in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gdp growth rate in 1996 was revised to 5.9 per cent in real terms.
 after the first visit to visit china for the first visit to visit china, the queen and odburg will visit hong kong this year.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, was the most strong protest of a new nuclear device.
 for the reasons set out in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteer costs are not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-standing difficulties in the economies of the two countries as well as the governments of the republic of belarus, as well as the government of the republic of belarus, are unable to respond to the organization.
 member of the panel on registration for the transitional registration of the united states and the united states of transitional products between india and the united states.
 when he was warmly warm.
 however, the committee pointed out that the national service is not without benefits.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the construction of the structure of the construction system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury, said today (december 30) that it would be necessary to make use of internet users to register.
 mr tsang also thanked the marine department's marine department's department's marine department's marine department's marine department's marine department's marine department.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for a number of solutions regarding the settlement of these groups.
 tropical cyclone warnings in hong kong are gradually normal.
 this is partly due to the draft preparation for the preparation of the draft united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish and spanish, this year, this year.
 in transactions with the local trading counterparts, 16% of the local financial institutions and local financial institutions, local financial institutions and local financial institutions are engaged in 2% and 10 per cent.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single single-tons for more multi-storey single singletons.
 it is vital that the search for an achievement is to be achieved and that relationship between multilateral cooperation will be feasible.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 there is fear of concern for the humanitarian relief of the humanitarian relief in the region.
 in order to appeal to france, the prosecutor has filed an appeal to france.
 the trend towards the economic slowdown in these countries has adversely adverse effects on economic progress and safeguarding social stability.
 the week is one or seven days.
 we have entered into the world, through the united nations, through the united nations and is mutual interaction with the north and south east.
 thirdly, the implementation of the strategy for the participation of local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 " i don't know what we don't know what he knows ", " he says. "
 (15) in the words and thinking of the international perspective.
 2 months have been passed since the terrorist attacks occurred on 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture said that china's prevention and control of avian flu have been quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force would be able to prevent the error of violent conflicts.
 at this juncture, however, it is important that the terrorist alliance must clearly confirm and recognize the enemy.
 i am very pleased that the administration would have a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, a spokesman for the african group, commended unifem for the efforts made by unifem to respond to the recommendations.
 the chinese government intends to start final plans in early next year, with 13 coal-building in the country.
 at the end of the year, the old ancient town of keung river is the ancient town of guke river, and this is the path of modernization.
 as part of its day-to-day supervision, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card card operating by the authority.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state or government of the relevant member states.
 according to the contents of the publications, there are a number of public interest in the social and economic spheres.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have shown that they have a tendency to increase their permanent and non-permanent categories of membership.
 customers may be selected within six months after the issue of the special stamps.
 with mr wong, the deputy secretary for education and other bureau, mr deputy, will visit the secretary for the visit.
 in 1971, the company's educator's educator's educator's educator's educator's educator.
 it is not easy to determine the extent to which the electorate and the electoral campaign may be affected by the judges.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific states deeply deplored france's intention to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years 9 months.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 bulldozers, in many cases, have been pushed home, and there are even more residents.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and the public.
 in fact, i went to belgium in connection with the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes have taken place on the concept of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of peace and implementation.
 such an arrangement would be conducive to the real responsibility to identify real responsibility for the damage caused by space objects.
 at the 1st meeting of 14 january, on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms the strengthening of the nation-building process, the consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such body.
 the israeli army arrived at an end.
 the text of the text is even more tight and simple, and the content of the content.
 this persisted not only a high level of housing, but also caused high priority to the people of government authorities and experts.
 if he did not speak, he would like to make a need to take a long way.
 we do not have the valuable views of the scholars who have professional knowledge of their professional knowledge.
 as the saying goes, the saying goes. "
 it is expected that the large majority of the major countries are expected to accelerate the new millennium democratic party.
 as a result of the palais, the bather is refurbished in the past.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's tourism in taiwan is optimistic.
 the most common aspect of the functionality of the functionality jurisdiction are navigational and adoption of the territorial sea, with the exclusive economic zone.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 the director-general of margaret chan was officially elected director-general of the world organization, which was the first chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international convention on extradition, it is in accordance with the international convention on extradition.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the human rights guarantees in the slovenia constitution, in particular, to protect women's human rights.
 er, on the other hand, there were no blackspots in the world.
 the non-discrimination principle is a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process of history, and in the past two years before it was extremely uncertain, and in multiple political difficulties.
 following the announcement of the government gazette on the internet, the number of visitors from april to november was marked by 6000 in november.
 there are no such circumstances in the previous case or in the case.
 the state party may wish to address the category of problems in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear several committees must depend on the basis of its capacity to work and the commission.
 the letter of authorisation registration must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we have to pursue " quality " does not mean that we think it is not important.
 it was generally felt that the international community had no action to terminate the conflict.
 one of the requirement is to assess the damage caused by floods in the floods and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government has the 1 step in advance of the exchanges of two exchanges and clearings by hong kong's internal exchange and clearing.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional regional offices must assist in implementing the confidence-building measures by the three ministers in september and october.
 the offence and execution of a crime of a crime, as well as the maximum and maximum limits of an offence, is an increase of 1<unk>3.
 initial investigations revealed that the bullet was fired at the bullet.
 at the time of an analysis of the waiting time for residential care homes, it was generally possible to be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 the life of life is an example of modern life as an example.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business of china's weather change can be done.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production in hong kong, but also helping hong kong's part in asia's region. "
 i think everyone will understand that we have finally been elected as members of the past 17 years.
 in terms of good health, the symptoms are rather minor.
 with regard to the work of the organization of the united nations, the coordination of the related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of a lot of " product " products, parents can be more suitable for the most suitable personal situation.
 if there is a very serious consequence, the consequences are certainly very serious.
 it will continue to provide voluntary repatriation for the vietnamese population and the lao of viet nam, who cannot be resettled.
 experience has shown that the new system of new systems in 1999 have been well established and the system has improved.
 at the same time, the maintenance of a moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of movement.
 they also believe that this might create a precedent for all types of vessels which must be issued before the issue.
 right.
 as the government knows, he heard the legal advice, but the government will never be able to let us know.
 at the end of august 1997, 34 china-owned enterprises listed in hong kong in hong kong through a total of about $ 200000000 in hong kong.
 as far as monuc's air and land assets have been delivered to goma, 30 tons of relief were delivered to goma.
 the board expresses its appreciation for the challenge of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gaps between men and women.
 on the other hand, before the opening of the border between the borders of the border, it was impossible to proceed with egypt.
 madam president, as a procession processions, i am not a small number of people.
 the delay would affect the credibility of the talks.
 the private sector and the foundation for the private sector and the foundation to cooperate with the united nations has increased significantly.
 there are no other views <unk> " in the course of taiwan.
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of the israelis who have been defied, and another is the population.
 since the time limits are limited, i cannot afford to do so.
 this is a matter of worrying about the recent developments in recent days in recent days.
 some of the models, including the development of a model of science and fixing, have been developed.
 <unk> 9 <unk> <unk> the growth of 9 percentage points from the currency exchange rate.
 typical illegal arms transactions are carried out in places where the typical administrative facilities are far from control.
 switzerland is not in a position to tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system in which they do not tolerate them.
 most of the vacancies are able to apply for a diploma or degree of school places, with the monthly salary of $ 8 to $ 16000.
 in the 3 quarter of 1999, the main contractor shows the value of works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the detailed information of the commission, please see the " financial and capital commission on financial and capital markets ".
 in the near future, these programmes were also broadcast by croatian national television stations.
 within the commonwealth, civil society is an enormous complement to the commonwealth official activities.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament endeavours endeavours to take place at the end of the 10 words.
 because mr leung has more time to make it more well and so, i have given support.
 the observer for the indian population, africa and the inter-american association of america considers that recognition should be recognized as a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an employer in the next three years to carry out the performance of the graduates of graduates.
 we are not aware of the chinese's version of the chinese government as a pretext for hong kong officials in the mainland.
 the 5 plenary meeting was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law developed these parties (e.e.e. signatures, the signatures and certification service) of the model law.
 as a result, the rate of capacity for the implementation of the national programme is low.
 the committee will consider a specific topic from a gender perspective.
 " the sar warmly supports the mainland as early as possible to join the wto.
 for example, the sub-saharan africa in sub-saharan africa has only a telephone.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the personnel and body.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days of the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt.
 owing to the speed up of unloading, the cost of transport costs have been reduced, and all sectors are benefiting from all sectors.
 if zhao men's circumstins or envelopes are used to be used as chao men's " prays. "
 6. 2. 2 is the development of knowledge, technical and technological skills in hong kong.
 what she wants to do what can be done, such as listening to radio, television, sports, singing and warheads.
 when i talk about taiwan's growing children, it is indeed difficult to look at the impact on them.
 the cost of costing costs can be calculated at a higher level of value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing invites me to speak at the time to explain that there is no relationship with the reconstruction zone.
 the commission has commissioned an independent expert to provide independent experts to encourage consultants to open, open and transparent manner.
 i did not see that, but they often hear such reports.
 (a) it is necessary for companies who are interested in renting the cyberport should apply for formal application.
 in the movie, hou hsiao-hsiang's " young people ". "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that some four years could be achieved.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them are serving as management positions.
 the court believes that the buyer did not pay the purchase of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be able to contact the league of arab league for human rights.
 <unk> 1 <unk> the current session of the draft sponsors of the draft resolution will create a record: this will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 this year, the sfc and the financial centre development group has recently made a report to the hong kong financial centre in hong kong.
 it was considered that the mandate of the elections is the privileges of the general assembly, rather than the privilege of the security council.
 visitors can also turn back to some of the shops in the modern civilization.
 we have set far as far as hong kong's development is an international metropolitan city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-fen and the management of the fund management board, will be available to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police ".
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 with regard to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is actually volatile.
 shanghai <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the hong kong ship company's shipments, such as saying, can help help help the ships to comply with economic efficiency.
 to help the people of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone, the united states is a priority of the united states.
 he said that history is still in a repeat.
 the national development framework of the transitional government is the role of states in the economic and social development of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do many work, reduce tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica said that the delegation had been very active in the commission since the commission had been very active.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions with the entire world.
 <unk> he will be director of information services on january 7, 2002 as the director of information services.
 the dancers of the dancers are packed with fresh flowers.
 the situation in the united nations is most worrying.
 as a result, the child has already infected him again and said that children had already infected children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national groups and agencies.
 in addition to the photos of chang's legend, the beat team will take a lot of mirrors.
 the aim is to exert pressure on a 3-party pressure to peace-building, so that it is no longer war.
 the tai po garden, tai po, today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the community of communities, should not allow them to go behind them, and should be encouraged to encourage them in the future.
 we must not forget that these are public funds, and we cannot afford to waste.
 on the contrary, the local universities in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the residents at the district level.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to the prosecutor's prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written statements.
 qin chin-sheng said that james soong will arrive in the 1 stop in xin and hu jintao will arrive in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes the information provided during the consideration of the report and after the consideration of the report.
 major train explosions occurred in the north korean railway station on the 2.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also includes a broad overview of representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 at this moment, we used to use the feelings and speech of the people of hong kong, i really dare not agree with them.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other fields, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction industry.
 i am not a member, but i have heard the religion of the religion of the religion.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that only chinese government will be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the election to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you very well.
 as a matter of fact, we have partially implemented some of its provisions, especially regarding mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that trade volume was 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 per cent, and this is also the first time for the first time to 200000 people.
 in the financial year, the united states import and export bank provides financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market for the united states.
 two informal meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june, on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of setting up legal action on the pollution of the contaminated environment of financial resources.
 the proposal was proposed to set up 36 posts and 18 posts were provided by the support account, with 18 posts from the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he has been the main reference for chen shui-bian's " new intermediate route ".
 right, for the double-edged sword, we have the charts of the two charts, um.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a daily raid on the basis of the public service at the scene, which increased to 12.
 as regards political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council to the attention of the council and the external debt situation of the central african republic.
 if they wish to go to the scene, the conference was beginning to start at 909:30 p.m. at 909:30 p.m.
 the records have to be kept from the last 3 years after the end of the final session.
 some 2 billion people have been reduced.
 a large number of bangkok people in bangkok are formerly prepared by the wto centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, the urban taxi taxis can be completed and hing road near ming ming road near ming ming road.
 the transfer of conventional arms is a transparency measure between sovereign states and the use of legal weapons between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline its staff because of economic growth and operational prospects.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 this penalty applies only to the citizens of the czech republic and does not have access to refugee status.
 when i went to the small child, i am deeply concerned about the campaign, and i am very serious.
 the committee on human rights and the rights of people of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender differences and inequality could not be fully utilized.
 according to the conservatives and conservative bureau's conservative engineering centre and the environmental protection bureau, these technological applications can reach a number of us dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a two-year term of two years starting january.
 the group is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has been able to build up the financial surplus of the east asian region, " he added.
 swd has contacted the family members of chen autumn-ling's family.
 the number of accommodation for the country is to reach 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 almost all of these people have not been exhausted.
 it is also agreed that all foreign forces are not invited to have been invited to come to the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment, remuneration for the police, remuneration, training and management of prisons are equally applicable to prison staff.
 " the inspection is also found to be sufficient to meet the traffic, utility facilities and other related services, " he added.
 for almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been listed or were reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department has the office of the building and the floor of the building.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of the ballot.
 in hong kong, hong kong will always be a bright sun in hong kong, rainy cleaning fresh and well-being.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been a source of economic development.
 we therefore emphasize the obligation to conclude the obligations of the nuclear powers to the end of 1996.
 in contrast, the u.s., the largest internet service in the united states only maintains the percentage of each 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform, the country has made a significant contribution to the strategic objectives of the country.
 in my country, we will be able to reach a long time in our country as a result of warm warm warm warm warming and <unk>
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the face of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow survivors to be given to the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, measures agreed to include a uniform travel document for national citizens in the region.
 it is a good friend to say that it is a genuine friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers ' unemployment, employment and job-related problems have caused some time for some time.
 " even if they enter the system, it should not be abandoned in the performance of the performance.
 otherwise, the scope of the draft articles would lose its actual role.
 as a result, the average rate of inflation for the last year has risen sharply.
 this is no longer intended to make it possible for hong kong's mainland and taiwan's editary colleges in hong kong.
 greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the company's economic experts have also raised the same forecasts.
 the project could also be allowed to know the moral diversity of cultural diversity and to maintain their interest in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need for additional credit quotas.
 the above-mentioned detainees are carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure, and shall be chaired by the judge.
 it is clear that the students ' diet of the students should not have been the only way.
 the patient's access to health-care facilities in unrwa is based on the basis of basic medical supplies at unrwa.
 land reform plans are not only relocated land.
 on the subject of this theme, the conference attempted to remind people that one person is killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 when they went to the neighbouring islands, there was a number of pieces of crafts products that can purchase.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic direction and observe police officers at the scene.
 this conclusion was somewhat surprising, since the legal counsel had been relocated as a result of the lack of legitimate conduct to defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or individual scope.
 amputation of the amputation will give them a life of life, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the eu, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries decreased.
 after the implementation of this scheme, it is expected that many colleagues will take the first time for life-long learning.
 he was said to have died after his father made a written complaint with his father, the officials said to go home to his home.
 other members of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled skills is the only part of the low-level service sector.
 the project indicates that currently small enterprises are currently under-represented in the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 the honourable mrs miriam lau is saying that the " youth charter " is " youth charter ".
 the three persons were arrested for conspiracy to denate the woman's money.
 they should be open to a gradual and progressive market market for money, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is not possible for us to support the war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal universally universal universally universal universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universal
 the practice of state has shown that the length of time for the right to choose is very large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan looks forward to the security council on the agenda of the previous agenda, which would also be re-examined.
 many countries have been able to achieve a large proportion of the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis had caused setbacks.
 as a result, a number of countries that are poor are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the situation.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, the goal should be made to achieve a number of generations to work together.
 the company found that the development, manufacture and sales of many world-known consumer goods, as well as many of the world's famous consumer goods.
 later, the vezards also arrived at the scene at the scene.
 the secretariat's secretariat analyses a number of missions to verify the self-sustainment of the recommendations.
 to solve the flood problems in the northwest new territories, there must be no need for the shenzhen river river in shenzhen.
 capitalism of the law and ethics are often responsible for drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in the 1 work of the work of the emperor, chen yi-tung, who has been able to look at the wall's work.
 the one-way navigation in the guangdong province will be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the situation in the occupied palestinian territories is a full-fledged manner.
 <unk> not bring large quantities of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned dead.
 in the working group of international human rights services, the working group was addressed to these issues in 1997.
 28 members of the immigration department are investigating officers in sham shui po on a total of 7 targeted units.
 therefore, it would be desirable for the contracting authority to consider the need to change measures.
 the economic growth of developed and developing countries, as well as the economic growth of countries with economies in transition, is very significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 were allegedly killed by the communists of the communist party of the nepalese communist (maistist).
 in accordance with a law section 22, " an offence found guilty of terrorist activities in accordance with the existing legislation.
 mr president, after the closure of the dumping of the rubbish landfills, mr. president, the problem will be fully resolved.
 during the 1990s, over 200 million children have left their lives in armed conflict and more than 600 million have left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help in the development of ecological and tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment in the government's development in the north-west.
 the department will issue warning letters to the department's satisfaction, and the department will issue a warning letter.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department (sd) today (july 20) signed a value of $ 68000800 after the construction contract with kinmen ltd.
 in hong kong, i am referring to the laws of hong kong and referred to the basic law.
 3, there is pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 compared to july between june and july this year, the unemployment and employment situation in most of the major industries are stable.
 it is not easy, but if we have quotad quotas, more people with disabilities have been absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the drafting of negotiations on the financing of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factories and industrial operations, " the regulation will be effective in order to implement the protection plan.
 the letter does not wish to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-generals report contains the right framework contained in the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of poverty and the relative number of poverty is growth.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry, " he said.
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the root causes of the dardarur conflict was a dispute between herdics in the area of madar and crop farming in the area.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the future community facilities such as the fire services department and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 just now the details of the details have been announced to enhance the funding of language skills.
 chen mei-kung sits on the winds of the bossins and from time to time.
 in fact, in the case of judicial jurisdiction, the proposal of the garrison act is virtually similar to the current united kingdom.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up the resources of the judiciary is not encouraging the authors themselves.
 the chairman of the joint meeting would like to express its discussion and will take follow-up actions on the various recommendations.
 in addition, we will also prepare for the review of the district boards in 2003 after the 2003 elections.
 the automobile entrance of the secretariat at 1 avenue is limited to the vehicle of the permanent representative of the permanent and special labels.
 as a result of the relocation of the village, the villagers had to betel a tree, 220 people using three years of time, and more than 200 trees have been resistance.
 25. el salvador's land reform institute was established as a result of the land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who has information on the girl or a girl is urged to call the girl mong kok police station at 2398 649.
 in 1997, the institute was designated to implement the formal issuance of the application of improved quality and productivity programmes.
 this morning, we have not been able to talk about these three issues.
 to this end, the importance of education to education has increased the necessary means for developing countries to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is also affirmed that it is not the command of the army of the army.
 the foreign assets control system is a series of audit to the united nations assets, namely, the disposal of the united nations assets.
 but it is not possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the protection of the environment, it is essential that such substances must be unexploded, non-discriminatory and non-discrimine.
 the offence of treason will appear in the common law system.
 worse is worse, the threats posed by the destruction of nuclear weapons has been rooted in many people.
 in the village, the village has gone out to go away.
 the armed conflict in dardar has begun in february last year.
 the right to dismiss the rights of human rights is the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for a plural system.
 the procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, the hong kong ranks will be picked up in hong kong.
 the choice of choice is to be chosen if they are chosen to contract trading contracts.
 efforts will continue to be made, but this will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to retreat from decitation.
 at that time, chris patten is busy making preparations for the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendants have been referred to the court of trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, is always saddened, and it is sad beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 comprised $ 50000 in the operation.
 in recent years, the world economy has undergone rapid changes.
 these guidelines have been contained in the buildings department's web pages and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were viewed to a multifaceted approach to a multifaceted technology, with the level of sciences.
 while the member states are requested to strengthen the field representatives, their progress is being hampered by the lack of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. at about 3 p.m. at about 3 p.m. at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb in the town of city centers.
 the security guards of senior officials attending the session, as well as personal personalities, will receive special leave to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest map and the information received from the newly obtained images were prompted to rescue institutions.
 the programme is 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, demining activities carried out by the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies were carried out in its mandate.
 the kingdom of cambodia made legal protection to the cambodian kingdom of cambodia, and protect the human rights of these persons.
 again, once again, the housing department has to go again to the housing department for further inspection.
 drop-out rates for secondary schools are still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities.
 anti-special and co-bians, a bian and two-year-old people, are not in a position to erup down.
 there is no difficulty in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 but i have imagined that her decision had changed her decision.
 when motorists have accumulated 8 minutes, we will receive a warning letter from the transport department.
 in the hands of the united states, he is in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the environment and capital cooperation agency<unk> the senior adviser of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it is not possible to do business in business.
 it should also take into account the changes in international regimes over the past 10 years, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 it's something that there is nothing to say.
 the united states has proposed the elimination of sugar quotas in the market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to open recruitment candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but it was also necessary to report to the gendarmerie.
 mr. sun is the modernization of the hong kong sar trademark legislation.
 the more voters will vote to vote, and of course, our 1 legislative council will be representative.
 a total of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles may be installed at a distance of 400 kilometres away from 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, he can be able to leave the rest of the rest, and i believe it will be more likely.
 this practice is evidently clear.
 the armed attack in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that models should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case in the court, " he said.
 the delegation of china wishes to express its appreciation for the work made by the delegation of china on the subject.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the status of marriages, she asked whether the roots of the family division was not identified.
 the fact is that the earth is worse in the past year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of members and special advisers of the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will have a major reform on the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, information on the better and available message has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important organizations in all levels.
 the delegation said that most of the countries were externally from external forces, without control of groups and individuals.
 " these achievements have no self-interest and continuous efforts, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living and improvement of the child, parents have to pay some costs on household income.
 further efforts need to be made to make greater efforts to promote the results of the work of the work of the public.
 those who cannot be allowed to implement such criminal acts cannot be allowed to implement such criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, a security guard was seen to see a security guard against two burgls.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their operations.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing can only take care of what he can actually contact or contact them.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that foreigns of the republic of the republic shall be protected by the law of the republic of haiti.
 the european union member states have a three-year period of time in order to bring the laws on 6 june 2000.
 in a press conference, the pfp has taken a press conference on a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region is still under constant weakness.
 it is unrealistic for people to fight for their own efforts.
 it's necessary to be able to sell the clicks to be able to sell the t'an's plates.
 there will be a breakthrough for six years in hong kong.
 in spite of the numerous resolutions of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multiethnic, multicultural and multi- religious society.
 the hkma will carry out the monitoring function and standards of regulators by the sfc.
 on the other hand, return to the cape is the first time.
 we would like to see the true universality of peace in the university of peace.
 the size of the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections for the planning and research of private and commercial organizations.
 more than 20 years ago, we are invited to join the chinese new chinese new year.
 the united states government recognized that the cuban diplomatic bank accounts should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, it was ruled that fees are paid for a compulsory decision on the category of a compulsory rule.
 in the competition, students had to cope with accidents, such as power power cuts, network interrupted, network interrupted, and the use of equipment.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the proposal.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp located in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have a particular reference to the use of secrets to focus on the loan and one of a company.
 it's not surprising that the chinese name will be avoided by the chinese people.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to patients with health education and disinfection at their home.
 i am now very concerned about the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in my country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to address the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 in view of the focus of the necessary action, we refuse to stay on a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agreed to agree, i do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, which has been pushed by technological advances.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be left beyond the development of the international community.
 a state of emergency in limama several of a few places were extended again on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities started to send prisoners to other detention places.
 the unique nature of the missile is very suitable for the use of threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's government's policy to adopt an open standard software for the application of the application system.
 in addition, there were 106 child care centres, 106 and 106.
 in the wake of this incident, both sides have taken a military operation, but there was no significant change in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly has designed a number of new novel games.
 but for some immediate dangers, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission of experts could make new images of new images (approximate about 15000) and the recent images of the committee.
 the estimate of the locally employed staff comprises 10 per cent vacancy rates.
 the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas will also reduce the emissions of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will commence early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale establishments are a number of more than 100 or more employed persons in other sectors, with 50 or more than 50 or more than 50 or more.
 under section 23 of the criminal code, section 23 of the sweden penal code is less than the maximum limits applicable to the preparatory or accomplice.
 the general assembly recently adopted resolution 5682 (1982) of the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): 23 july, the king of morocco, mr. kingsan king of morocco, died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda's operation of rwanda and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 are hosted by the swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to mention two spain special concerns.
 the automobiles of the mirrors are unconstitutionable cars, and will be able to make it.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") applications are inadequate.
 in the wake of the days, the usa and the usa will have two times.
 more than 2000 basinland will be displayed at the greenhouse of the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide a reliable and timely information on the level of living in the territory, particularly the poverty level of poverty.
 one of the hot hot spots of the family is sony company to launch a new olympic games this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation to abolish the death penalty in 1993 is a major trend for human rights.
 it is also known to know that they are very effective for vomiting, the lower and other illnesses.
 15 catholic catholics and international charity organizations, as well as many of his staff, said to have been executed in dili.
 in particular, he made an amendment to the legislative council in 1999 to give more investigative rights to it and the independence of competition management.
 china's ministry of foreign affairs of korea, mr. han, was held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote speech at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the french employers association.
 the international community can co-operate with each other.
 the ministry of finance made a response to the procedure on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's objective is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not come up. "
 the honourable lau ping-cheung also seems to say that if the application should be applied <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the proposal's proposal could be found in the charter of the charter and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, the state must begin to collect data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are the data from all relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of people, such as the " good interests ", etc.
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but it would be in principle opposed to the beginning of a tax departure tax.
 according to the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all those of the forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the al-sawa, southern part of the south-eastern part of the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan to extend the project, we intend to continue to prove that the industries affected by the labour shortage will be targeted.
 they use germany's stabiling model in germany, and the price speed quickly quickly, and the price is $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such efforts are being sent to the division, and the specific circumstances are required to consider and ratify the specific circumstances.
 police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island on january 6 to hold a community charity.
 the private universities have also provided tuition tuition fees for the students.
 the improvement of our relationship with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations is indispensable to further realization of the common goal of our region.
 his power was very strong, and the strength of the government has been dominated by him.
 a number of police officers have been asked to make a statement.
 although the results indicate that the medicines are not available for medical purposes, it has been sold by a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as the non-nuclear-weapon states to ratify the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to open the tunnel to the west tunnel at the west of the al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the festive holiday of this year, the tourism council did not receive a lot of complaints against visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of hong kong. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence was carried out to reflect the recruitment of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, it can be said that we should not let us do so.
 the private car immediately fled the scene along sha tsui street to escape from the scene.
 although the evidence is confused, they are still in defence, saying that they have not changed.
 governments have taken various methods to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that they are fairly unfair to their respective roles and missions.
 i believe it will not only affect the future.
 the political capacity of the environment, which has been affiliated on the environment, is the level of development at the level of development.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this has led to a decline in the groundwater in the gaza strip and led to the east invasion of salt water from the sea.
 i think we here this weekly demonstrates our resolve to this week to show our commitment to this international health terror.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general and appreciation to the secretary-general for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to perform this international responsibility, " he said.
 argentina, for its part, has been able to sacrifice for the sacrifice of democracy through decades after decades.
 in the west of the west, there is only a variety of legends and marks.
 it is important that the hualien, which is well known.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there are no other children.
 the " peaceful home " is the whole continent and the people's minds of peoples, " he said.
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory board, i will be able to build on a good basis for the ad hoc ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an un morally instrumental instrument, and with the desire of the international community as a whole.
 cocaine seizures in croatia were low in recent years, in 2000 reported in 2000 seizures of 913 kg.
 pakistan supports the proposal of mexico's proposal by the united nations to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpad) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he then was then taken away from a police vehicle, and he was pushed back by a police vehicle.
 in the context of the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to make more clearer information on the user and evaluation of work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement is much short, but i would now like to make a few remarks.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of other international forums on the anti-terrorism problem.
 the court of appeal, the 11 circuit court of the united states court of appeal, overthrows the decision of the district court.
 in this connection, more than 150000 displaced persons in the northern part of the equatory area and in kagaga province were not aided without assistance.
 some international organizations had to leave from the city of war and air strikes in kabul.
 we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses, " the spokesman said.
 at best, i can only get the local saying that the government is simply not to do.
 the operating budget of the current operation is to provide a total of $ 40 per year.
 further, 10 per cent of the non-us dollar payments were established on 31 december, with a view to compensating the floating of exchange rates.
 the premier and mrs..
 the ministerial forum will be convened in seattle, which will be a forum for a forum.
 tiani said that, on the 1 of the above-mentioned issues, it was recommended that the language of teaching and professional groups should be able to achieve their language.
 therefore, as a result of the so-called unanimous and greater expression of expression, it is not appropriate.
 periodically, the images of the fsf and 7-6-6-6-6 and 7-minute photographer images.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as to the contents of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically favourable.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports went up to 2<unk>3 and 2<unk>3 of the growth in the republic of ecuador.
 the most recent example is to construct the integrity of the countrys integrity of the country's country parks.
 the content of the documentary records are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyor's management team will speak on the workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 juveniles arrested on june 15 were also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue is regularly briefed on the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress at present.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorism activities in the caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to select non-governmental organizations, what they provide information and the committee's use of such information.
 to protect the interests of consumers, i have proposed this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey is supported by the director-general of the director-general to promote policy, but countries should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but only 15 different countries in different countries.
 in accordance with the treaty, the legal assistance has been signed in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000, or at least one of them can return their homes.
 the list of states should be imposed on a list and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the honourable tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline in the construction industry has also occurred in the construction industry and the transport industry and manufacturing industries.
 in accordance with the budget constraints, some limitations have been limited to the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this is a exception to a period of time, which is not too long to be allowed to do so.
 at the weekends, the duration of the children will be crowded at the weekends, and the traffic is also the same.
 one another thing is that the banks do not want to deal with its business.
 program can be made by the program: 2441 93<unk> reservation: at 2734 90000.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to study a unit.
 article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code elaborates in detail in article 190 to 201.
 " we also think that there is a need to extend to training and traffic, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grieved dictatorship of the continent.
 we are not in favour of addressing pressure on the settlement of the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask you <unk> they would say that i would like to say that you will not be allowed to do so.
 he was detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, the international system of international institutions should be considered on the basis of reference to the international system of international institutions.
 1970-1975 counsellor to the italian embassy in italy.
 legal activities in the area of conflict should have self-defined ethic codes of ethics.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is affirmative.
 the spokesman added that all these sale arrangements have not been sold for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 during the same period, there were 5300 births in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000000.
 however, i have made it, since the handling of this question reflects the evolution of history and the people of the balkans.
 in hong kong's future, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so, " the spokesman said.
 more than any other group, they need family, social and government's attention and care.
 it is reported that the food-contaminated food has exported food-contaminated food, which are imported elsewhere in other places.
 with regard to the choice of the family of the child, luxembourg made reservations at the time of ratification.
 they also discussed and agree with the need to prevent weapons into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry and to hear their views.
 they want to be a small boy, and i would also like to go to all tens of thousands of victims over the past 10 years.
 ni kuang talked about women.
 the overall plan has focused on helping girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the management authorities and palau are determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary of the cerc's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china arrived in the pingjiujiujiujiang.
 in addition to the promotion of chickens, there are a lot of staff with the farms and colons.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the arrangements.
 in this context, the committee has made its efforts to understand all the hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur had visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their efforts are lost.
 the main reason for the unimaginable balance was the result of the termination of troops.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians directly.
 research and practical application activities in the field of remote sensing should be strengthened.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region enjoys electoral and electoral rights.
 in the period under review, 40 enterprises in the service industry received loans, creating or saved 79 jobs during the period under review.
 in early june, the members of the council participated in a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the state, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue providing assistance to our country.
 we are advised to encourage friends from entrepreneurship to understand their own and honest demand.
 a few months later, the storm was also a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, the landscape is closed yesterday.
 once the protest assembly was protested, some of the people moved to the blockade of the blockade and the police were dismissed by high pressure.
 the establishment of a trade point (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think most importantly, the most important thing is to respect civil servants to sit on the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern over the changes in the system of pensions, which is more than the impact of the impact on women.
 (iii) the office commander of the force commander: the reduction in the dissemination of two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the ministry of social development manages the family development division and family support division, which has been initiated, the national family day, exhibition and similar activities.
 gizmondo global sales president of the gizmondo, said: " the exhibition was extremely successful.
 the international community should look at human rights in the same position as the same status as the same emphasis.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown the progress of conflict prevention as a strategic strategy for conflict prevention.
 the 2 provisions of the joint declaration of the joint declaration are also reflected in article 122 of the basic law.
 his leg was kicked.
 the united states dollar deposits dropped significantly in july to november, with a marked increase of 0.6% in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society is clearly dependent on the economic and social rights of the economic and social rights.
 many of the discussions in the general assembly and the various committees clearly reflects the urgent problem of the common concern of all humanity.
 it must end their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to preserve all hong kong's successes, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above position, china has made a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 of all, after all, only $ 123000 us dollars were used for the purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 the introduction of such an approach to the original security council will be to return to the original security package.
 he believed that beijing's preparations for beijing's beijing olympics will certainly be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at its last session in february this year.
 it is not possible for the economy to make a general assessment of the situation in which we are facing.
 in 2000, the protection of maternity regulations in the workplace are prohibited from 8 to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities in paraguay also has significant improvement, leaving river transit corridors become the 2 important transport route to the road transport.
 everyone welcomed.
 in this regard, the financial secretary agrees and show that we would be able to implement as soon as possible.
 for the sake of the people, the importance of the general assembly and the general assembly is of great importance.
 in most countries, the elderly population is far faster than the overall population growth.
 the north point pointed out at 2 am today (friday) that a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives museum also took place on 12 may 1994.
 today, i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology conference.
 their disciplined discipline, and the conduct of the conduct of their own is the united nations.
 these recommendations have been the public's opinion that the people of hong kong have come to the masses.
 " there are no undue concern.
 police are appealing to members of the public who know the whereabouts of the missing persons to contact investigating officers of the regional missing persons aged 2733 2333 or 2373 2316.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review its timetable for the system-wide conference.
 in the spirit of the seven-year-old man, the spirit of the seven-year-old man was very good. every day.
 this incident took place in the way of the way in which immune, which took place in the gushka.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is many times higher.
 the government of industrial countries had allowed all the heavily indebted poor governments to suspend its debt to suspend its debt.
 in this century and this millennium, the millennium has seen great achievements and see some devastating tragedy.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendment, i hope i would like to say a few words about the subject of an argument.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be known as the biotechnology revolution.
 i understand the chinese government has promised that the chinese government has promised to drafting the accuracy of the basic provisions of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision is to cover the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, that is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: chinese charitable funds and chinese temples were set up soon after the 1968 chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that voluntary and compulsory recruitment should be very difficult to distinguish between them.
 this letter is therefore written in the japanese journal.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continues to be lower than that this year's inflation rate for this year will be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that the legal profession was tired of many voters in the legal profession.
 i am also very pleased to agree with the proposal that the amendment proposed to reduce administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat once again.
 the conclusions and recommendations of the review committee will be submitted to the 1 session of the review committee.
 management systems is a complex project, and it will have a profound impact on personnel, budget and financial work of the united nations.
 if they are not enough to make a joint venture with his friends, it is also high.
 to meet with the relevant measures, customs and fire services department, lands department, lands department, and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned operation.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safety.
 the objective of the text is to submit a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned by the international wrongful act.
 responding to the police, police officers conducted investigations into three rooms on march 27 and the three rooms on march 27.
 they must receive continuous professional training and their registration <unk> authors may be able to consider renewal of renewal.
 the education department will invite parents to be invited to participate in the selection of schools in march next year.
 however, these technical costs are enormous.
 i have also said a little hesitation with him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph is even more obvious.
 the minimum level of duty for the civil service will benefit from the benefit of each society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of remuneration for the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not going to repeat earlier that i hope honourable members will give them a little bit more.
 in any other speakers, the chairman agreed that the debate should be put to the end of the debate.
 he often said: " you are often working in their work.
 judging from the upper level, the upper level should be kept in the future to take a decision on the situation.
 the 2 sisters of the 2 sisters are starved by starvation, guarding and storm storms.
 " we should continue our efforts to enhance our service level, which is our expectations, " the spokesman said.
 it will be a major step in the future directly to lay a future.
 the community is now keen in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights to establish these freedom.
 in my view, the government is really " own ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it has prevented them from air safety.
 " otherwise, the pace of recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow down. "
 the united kingdom believes that the court should meet with some criteria.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think that the government should actively implement the relevant policy.
 the vienna convention on treaties related to multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties, also includes reservations.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic state in a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were allegedly allegedly beaten with a child, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (ii) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this enables the poor to become more vulnerable.
 we also think that the ideals of hong kong's cultural life is the ideal city, " he said.
 in a number of countries, cross-border brillors are subject to customs regulations, such as smuggling or violations of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 90% of the tax salaries and personal income tax will be received within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and to seriously consider the importance of japan.
 preparations for the observance of women and family services in the sudan, welfare and social development department are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee of the administrative committee and the chairman of the commission, and was accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the co-operation organization of the italian permanent mission and the department of public information, on friday, 5 november.
 at the same time, the difference between life expectancy at birth (table 3 and v).
 secondly, there is a balance between administrative and legislation.
 even if the shells were not working on the shelling of public transport, most of the pedestrians were found in the streets.
 this year, after all, this year is different.
 next, let us take you a look at the iraqi policy of the bush administration.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 looking at me, i would like to look at the deputy minister, and i am very happy to listen to my head.
 in spite of good performance performance, the structural adjustment programme had not been able to reach its objectives.
 right, there is a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations has a vital position, we must make the united nations to take a step forward by the united nations.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the song of " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing works on the ground under the ground, and is responsible for related expenditures.
 in the wake of the elected chairman, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents in the catering industry and the accident rate has been downward trend.
 the croatian police are also able to conduct regular walk and vehicle patrols by the croatian police.
 with regard to the three " fundamental problem ", mr cheung said that this would be misunderstanding of the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 the administration will give serious consideration to all the views relating to the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, the honourable martin lee is a matter of soliciting views, and it is not appropriate for us to answer questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " blowing ", " said that it will reduce civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for a visit to the last stop in north america.
 exports to the united states have increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to nearly 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 she was able to give her shoes to her old public.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market had food, the purchasing power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with such a view and recommends reservations to retain current 2.7 per cent.
 in the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against terrorism.
 the ad hoc group acknowledges that " national security " is the interests of sovereign states.
 however, the growth of hong kong's economy has continued to have a surplus of many other countries in a surplus.
 this is the case.
 the under-secretary-general has shown that the time-frame for the commission has not been established.
 over the past few years, a large number of documents proved that, owing to the shortage of water shortages, the price of water supply has been paid.
 the treaty is confined to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they answered that because they were anxious, he could not receive him.
 overall, the overall size of its part is much larger than its part.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical services department will take public holidays on a day-day-day basis on the first day of this year.
 it is true that the green paper will be misleaded in the green paper.
 in 1993, it became a member of china in 1993 and was appointed as a member of the chartered arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to cooperation in the long-term strengthening of human rights and protection of human rights and protection of human rights.
 the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single unification rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the use of international law as the most powerful law.
 at the current time, scientific technological advances have been rapidly expanding, and the world is speeding up towards multipolarization.
 the subjects of chinese and western paintings with the museum of the museum and the museum of the museum was also followed.
 in a sense of rational and sensefulness, the pains of the gods in a sense of rationality and sense of depth.
 i spoke about the response to the exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental is still a genuine commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few evidence that there are few signs of sexual drugs in fiji.
 as a result of the seminar, the meeting was very tired.
 the brazilian turtles of brazil, foo life, and jewels, has occupied the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination on the basis of equal remuneration for workers, or to be subjected to slavery.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country<unk> (2) per cent of the country<unk> (2) in general.
 today, saint lucia is the 1 woman head of state in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations try to influence a government.
 this fan phenomenon is the product of the new unilateral system of a state of a country.
 recently, some of the rumors did not appear to speak out and oppose the election in 1988.
 however, with the return of people's resumption of political life, east timor will require sustained resources for east timor.
 in the capital baghdad, a car bomb attack was attacked by car bombs and injuring 19 injured.
 in a few months, the police charged with violations of human rights violations and other irregularities or criminal acts.
 his election highlighted the advantages of him, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, there is no need for these workers to survive.
 at the time of the bobal situation, each 10 centimeters shall be set up with yarn and 133 pairs of two-lane.
 the word " repeal " should be removed.
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to fight against hawkers.
 in the non-capitative security situation, it should also be borne by the debtors debtor in the maintenance and maintenance of their assets.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially mutual legal assistance, will open up in the future.
 however, in the urgent need, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 during the period, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene, but the scene was killed and did not cause casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " meeting, namely, the open private meeting of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure the future.
 as mentioned above, the office has not been referred to in section 8 of the document.
 i accept the president of the constitutional affairs division that some things are too close to the election.
 equitable representation is equally important.
 two vacancies still need to be filled with the meeting, and the meeting suspended at the afternoon of the afternoon.
 the car parks for visitors will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth growth in the portfolios portfolio continues to remain stable.
 many people have access to the construction of the car shopping, but pays a large amount of card debts.
 in mid-july, li ou-hung made a friend to japan to take part in the 8 world's muscles in the 8 world.
 the 3 ldc session will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan for ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible, as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs the full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 in new york, new york, 12.
 small seven is happiness, he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of his friends.
 mr cheung said the occupational safety management of hong kong is a keynote address.
 i would like to ask you one thing, so that we should look for you.
 the new airport is a new advantage of the new airport, which is the state of radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited number of households, many small sums can make a large amount of funds.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the current draft is too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we have to uphold the rule of law, but also because we have to defend hong kong's international financial centre.
 the distribution of total resources resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is tabled 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writers are not opposed to the promotion of the university of students.
 when he was over 50 years of age, he found that there was no change in its personality.
 the israeli occupying forces are still taking into account after all houses in the village, destroying the houses and burned another.
 all these symptoms should seek medical advice as soon as possible for early diagnosis and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of, in order to provide, access or facilitating the use of children, access to sexual activity.
 this is not a remarkable achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2% in the value of the metal products.
 equally important is the serious external debt problem in africa, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 after multi-hour debates and over the years, we are now like to return to the first point.
 there are 14 panel experts on the social and social council to participate in the work of experts, rather than national representatives.
 more in-depth tactics have been provided to the expert unit.
 the project was prepared for completion in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace the north-south cooperation, and should be considered as an additional complement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed and the traditional structural structures are taking place in many changes.
 in order to ensure the quality of chinese language textbooks, the administration has established the chinese language committee.
 another point is that the business of the banks would be better. "
 some people were said to have been injured.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciates the leadership role in the field, the panellists only raised some interesting issues, without a solution.
 the military contingent of the united nations will assist in preventing those who might want to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, to enable these policies to be effective, it is necessary to look at trade between education, health and management, etc.
 however, it was reported that the editary authorities denied that the person had been transferred to him, while no one is still missing.
 in order to avoid the special interests of the capital, political parties should be able to obtain public funds, and the electoral campaign should be rigorously controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that completion of the working group on the right to development will be completed in 2000.
 unexpectedly, he imagined that sun yu-yun had gone to countless waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises commission, mr chan wing-sing, will submit the report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the lot of land in the new territories is only controlled by collective officers.
 we welcome these areas, " the spokesman said.
 it's only how the computer should be done, " don't " want to do ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces appeared that sexual atrocities appears to be a problem, regardless of the authorities or local people.
 please watch the five series of new zealand's triparts in new zealand new zealand new zealand new zealand new zealand.
 by 18 june 1998, the committee was included in resolution 1171 (1998) of the new consolidated work guidelines.
 15.
 the national television broadcasts a few programmes on this symposium, which helps to enhance the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, they are entitled to the minimum wage for more than half the minimum wage.
 in general, the information will not be disclosed.
 qingli-ming has always been able to achieve achievements in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the authorities to conduct a review on the basis of the international standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies to find suitable vacancies for suitable vacancies and help them employment, " he said.
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization (who) and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing in beijing.
 recently, one of the academics from the mainland, hong kong university of hong kong, joins academics in hong kong.
 overall, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then it also guarantees the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participated in the elections, indicating the importance of their attention to provisional self-government.
 ninini has been the headquarters of the ruf.
 " taipei's dignity " signboards, which is now the new painting room.
 the name asked not to disclose the name, " the spokesman said.
 in 1944, 1944, born in new zealand, <unk> new zealand, matttte, met with the university of australia and the australian university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are engaged in each other.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the site of the works site near the works site.
 the dpp is a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is true that a lot of staff have chosen.
 the claimant provided a guarantee for export credit guarantees by exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for implementing national plans in various areas.
 the committee recommends that the committee recommends more attention to the accuracy of the requirements.
 under the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to obtain medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted in the world bank office in bangkok, " nobody knows how much of the cost is. "
 in the event of the " red lenam ", we have been published in the journal of liaoning.
 madam president, the secretary of today's grand secretary is to " eat and die ", and we will not stay hard.
 i might say that i might say some more interesting.
 the text contained in the annex to the text of the international court of justice in the annex was contained in the annex.
 after the performance, the viewers received enthusiastic responses to the staff and the staff.
 i can also refer some examples of examples, and some complaints say that some of the chronic patients to the hospital authority have been denied.
 the approved plan is necessary to reflect the latest development proposals in the kowloon area.
 actually, i have all gone to chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues are more sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she enjoys all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will participate in the process of prevention, from preventive and prosecuting the victims.
 with respect to the obligation of states parties, the committee noted that the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that approximately 15000 per hour per hour of the total of 100 fighters per hour of 100 fighters per hour.
 secondly, the level of reducing the situation is tense.
 we are first of the draft resolutions which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded to his daughter of his daughter.
 in addition, there are no cash in cash.
 my delegation would also like to thank the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general, mr. edno and the special representative of the special representative, to us this morning.
 the attractiveness of developing countries to foreign investment is likely to trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 because of the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the concepts that have been achieved in the past 5 years or did not exist in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increase in tribal conflicts has increased more heavy.
 at the briefing of the council in january this year, mr. sergio de mello suggested that the general strengthening of civilian police should be strengthened.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now unchanged.
 young people account for 19 per cent of africa's population in africa, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong has developed or developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 the united states typically spends more than 1000 hours for a single typical consumer in life.
 in my view, it is important to bear in mind the humanitarian situation in iraq.
 this is a topic which deserves to play.
 oios urged the department of disarmament to assist the new political will of member states to make financial commitments.
 the financial situation of our finance is lucky than the united kingdom, so it is absolutely not necessary to do so.
 la laden's image was last at the end of 2004, but his deputy al-zawai, his deputy zzawai.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up an ad hoc group on the reduction of the waste plan for the government of mr tam.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 when hu was the day before the performance of the performance, it's only one day.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in the services sector, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict, children needs to take care.
 the military attacks on the civilian population of the bosnian serb force has been carried out on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that in a period of two-week surveys were successfully completed, the overall response rate was successfully completed.
 the chickens were delivered to the market prior to the market, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to be done.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, with 10 kilometres from iraq to an extension of 10 kilometres from iraq.
 more than 70 per cent of all children who engage in family services are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that women's needs are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 in taiwan, liu ming-chuan also came to taiwan because of the war.
 on the arrival of the central weather station, the heavy fog weather will also affect the north china's south china.
 this section recalled that the right to food may not be considered by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the ox of the ox is a white ball, with the hand-up to taiwan.
 the criminal code and criminal proceedings have been revised in order to strengthen national legal systems.
 an appropriate legal sanctions against any person who had access to arms-producing firearms would be able to promote compliance with respect to the author's procedures.
 the government and the business community has embarked on a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget is too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 during the dinner, the hong kong ballet of the hong kong ballet will perform at the reception.
 the director of home affairs of the home affairs department said: " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, on 30 may, a new fighting was carried out in the province of a abdulla raddad, and the taliban, in the north-west.
 the computer systems of computer systems are also very easy and also triggered the privacy power and other related issues.
 this document will be included in a voluntary basis for the regional forums of asean regional forums, and the understanding of the security situation in the region.
 every day, the soldiers said that day they would have been handed over to the goods, but they have repeatedly repeatedly delayed.
 " the more successful implementation of the mpf system will be the better burden of the community, " he said.
 the committee was informed that by the replacement of the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people, such as the enemy, and therefore, therefore, to the people's people.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries was an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, china is fully able to ensure that hong kong is an asset class.
 it appears that, despite the view of the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 as a result, it is not to follow the hypothetics of other people.
 the results will be issued in july.
 johnson works in the 1940s of the 1940s, with more than half a century.
 however, the chairman of this council today is a great question, that is, the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 following the arrival of new zealand from new zealand from new zealand, shahing was arrested on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the presentation of the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and future.
 the economy is also highly dependent on the production and processing of energy resources, particularly natural gas.
 some experts indicated that statistics had not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the needs of different parts of the different regions.
 following the opening up of china's economic reforms in 1978, there was a long-standing chaos of exchange for foreign exchange movements.
 the bishk group has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that it has changed.
 we will continue to remind the young people with a very negative impact on the health of our young people.
 part of the results are as follows: apart from religious books, there are few women in the social research, mathematics, mathematics, etc.
 the total revenue of $ 102500, representing a total of 24% over the last year, was nearly 24% over the last year.
 these provisions should be used to quote the chinese side.
 non-confidential exchanges in other currencies are based on the basis of the united nations operational exchange rate for other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more than two years in hong kong's best service providers in hong kong. "
 after the incident, i am aware that a doctor friend also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the authorities concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the plan to reflect the latest land use proposals for the north-east lantau port, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations at that stage.
 to this end, it is essential that member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, both and without conditions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind is living in the danger of the hot nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, it was established with the prime minister for the first cabinet.
 in all cases, it would be necessary for 2003-04 for the period 2003-01.
 there is no other group to be taken into account.
 the seriousness of the conduct is comparable to the seriousness of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the summary of the accounting policy of these financial statements is a summary of the financial statements.
 in the southern south of yunnan south, there will be heavy rains in some parts of the world.
 on behalf of the government and the government of the comoros, i would like to express condolences to the families of the government of the government of israel.
 undp has not yet done a comprehensive plan for donors trust in undp.
 the year 2000, the bureau of the bureau consisted of a vice-president of the two countries, as chairs, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the development of the right to development, plans, policies, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently holding an average of about 70 examinations, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprit escaped from the culprit, the culprit entered the employer and told him to reveal the incident.
 the administration has announced today today.
 for example, the murders have been set out in phase iii, but it was late until it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
